feat: adding slim dockerfile (#2219)
ApeWorX/ape: README.md

Ape can also run in a docker container.

You can pull our images from [ghcr](https://ghcr.io/apeworx/ape).

> We currently have a `slim` docker image that is built without any installed plugins, as well as an image that is built with all plugins included from our `recommended-plugins` extra.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This image is built using our `recommended-plugins` extra, so it is a great starting point for running ape in a containerized environment.

We also have a `slim` docker image that is built without any installed plugins.
This image is meant for production support and must be further configured if any plugins are in use.
```

Ape can also run in a docker container.

> You can pull our images from [ghcr](https://ghcr.io/apeworx/ape). We currently have a `slim` docker image as well as an image that is built with the recommended-plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pull our images from [ghcr](https://ghcr.io/apeworx/ape).
We currently have a `slim` docker image that is built without any installed plugins, as well as an image that is built with all plugins included from our `recommended-plugins` extra.
```

You can pull the image:

```bash
docker pull ghcr.io/apeworx/ape:latest-slim  # installs ape with required packages
```

> or pull with the recommended-plugins:

Reviewer: I think put the other image first, and not recommended to install w/ `slim` unless you need to

Author: lmk if that's what you're looking for

  apeworx/ape compile
```

> **Note:**

> > The above command requires the full install with the recommended-plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The above command requires the full install whicy includes `recommended-plugins` installation extra.
```
